blackpool jewel of the North home of
ballroom and for one night only home of
strictly come dancing here's the dancers
getting off the coach and here's mr.
Cutler say hello mr. Cutler as you can
see we're in black but we made it to
Blackpool it's really horrible weather
outside and now we're inside and they
were all the rigging all the lights all
set up to follow me when have a look see
what's happening behind the scenes the
crew have been here since wednesday i
arrived last night so all the
celebrities are all around now they're
all kind of backstage they're gonna
rehearse rehearsals going on right now
they're just blocking through a few
things the band's going to be on top of
the stage the judges are in the normal
place over here oh you can do something
now Blackpool is impossible and
brilliant all at the same time last week
we were preparing for everyone to be
here so it didn't matter who got knocked
out everyone had a question this is 30
dresses just alone without the board's
questions just for Blackpool there's a
huge show for us I'm going to be doing a
Venus walks this week plus nobody dies
with a very special guests and i'll be
doing a bit of the swing number
okay they just started rehearsals that
we've gotta go make sure we join us from
watch the show on saturday and and tune
in next week for us extra special
shouldn't come it into your behind the
scenes we have to leave our intrepid
dancers now but make sure you tune in
see you on saturday
you